{"9oHGS1knSS3uAHsf2sqxRg": [["I would like to start by saying I was pleasantly surprised and extremely satisfied with the level of customer service I received along with the \u00a0professionalism displayed at this location. Let's face it, at one point or another we all have walked into a cell phone store and felt like a number on a waiting list with 50 people ahead of us. However that wasn't the case at this location. I was greeted immediately as I walked into the store and was advised that someone would be with me shortly. The rep noticed I had and IPhone and pointed me it the direction of the IPhones and IPhone accessories while I waited. During my brief wait the rep asked me if I had any questions along with assuring me that it wouldn't be much longer. But it didn't stop there, when it was my turn the rep addressed my concerns, ensured I was happy with the results, and even convinced me to add a line to my account. Talk about not just meeting my expectations but exceeding them! Thanks T-Mobile Completely Satisfied", 5.0], ["This place is shitless I was here today and the clerk or T-Mobile cop whatever only followed me and my husband around the store and it's sad cause we have been with T-Mobile for 8 years. Every time I go into a place I look and shop around before I go to a clerk. But what happen today at T-Mobile probably make me change to another provider.", 1.0], ["T mobile has the shittiest technical support. My account was suspended from day 1 and I couldn't use the data I paid for. I called over 9 times. I wasted over 20 hours with these idiots. They could not figure it out nor could they refund my money. T mobile is SHIT", 1.0], ["It's the worst customer service that you can ever ask for ... thought the manager maybe a little sane to help me out but found out that the manager also was terribly rude.... it's a worst place to buy a phone ... will never go to This place again ....", 1.0], ["I would give this place less than one start if yelp allows me to do it. The service is terrible. I was there on Sunday around 5 when there is one hour left for their store hours. There was a line of 4 customers waiting and only one guy helping while the store manager which was a girl just stand there and talk and talk and laugh with some other girl. I suggest if you don't want to take any customer one hour before closing time, please lock the door.", 1.0], ["Sales person Jerome was trying to scam me. He tried to sell me the cheapest phone in the store for $50 and then said I owe another $240 which I would be laying on a monthly basis. Which he apparently didn't mention to me prior to running my credit card. Manager Greg apologized which doesn't do anything. And the sales person is being an ass and rude.I will never come to this tire again. What a waste of my 1 hour. Pathetic customer service. I wished I could give this place a negative star", 1.0], ["I went to this ghetto place the other day and the little girl that works there was helping me set up new service and on FaceTime at the same time I think her name was Susan. She was rude and very ghetto please don't stop here plus it took 2 hrs for 1 thing.....", 1.0], ["Once again we try going here to conduct business and the store manager is not very knowledgable with products that T-Mobile offers nor is she very savvy with her service skills.", 1.0], ["I have been to this store four times, the last an attempt to return an incredibly expensive free tablet. \u00a0The first time there was to activate my new phone, which went well. Then I was offered the free tablet. \u00a0I thought I had asked all the right questions but apparently not. \u00a0Imagine my surprise that I was charged for a $20 a month data plan--and I barely used the tablet. \u00a0I returned when I had problems receiving text messages on my new phone. The young lady helping me had no idea how to fix the issue; a young man intervened. He also had no idea. \u00a0I fixed it myself and returned a third time to the store to show him what I had found on the Internet. \u00a0THEN I received the bill and called T-Mobile about it. Yes, the tablet is free but I must have the $20 data plan. I asked if I could just return the tablet and the rep said yes. \u00a0I went to the store and the same young man, for whom I almost feel sorry, once again interrupted the young lady who was helping me to intervene with the bad news that there is a 14 day return policy so basically I was screwed. Back onto the phone with T-Mobile where a lady explained I could have a \"pay as I use\" plan, which would still mean I didn't have to pay for the tablet. \u00a0Wrong. \u00a0While I am not paying for the plan because I haven't used it, I AM now paying $7 a month for the free tablet. \u00a0I give up. \u00a0As soon as this 2 year contract is over, I am taking my business elsewhere--to a place that at least will give me consistent answers, even if they are not correct answers. \u00a0Ugh.", 1.0]], "qiAckHMVZQScy2U9nvSCmQ": [["Kudos to Tatiana! My daughter need a screen cover for her IPhone and we were treated as if we were buying a new $1,000 phone. Super nice and very hospitable. \u00a0Thanks!", 5.0], ["This store is very small and so there is not a lot of staff so the service to get help is VERY slowHowever, once you are being helped the staff is very knowledgeable and experienced about about getting your needs or issues resolved.I would ask for Davin.", 4.0], ["Great customer service today from Cornell! I hope I said that right:)He juggled several customers on his own, and handled a few rude customers perfectly. He made sure I left with my new phone protected! Awesome customer service!!!", 5.0], ["This T-Mobile store is located inside the same, huge shopping center with TJ Max, Target, etc., on the corner of Austell Rd and E-W Connector. On my Google Maps Navigator, it says it's in the middle of the road. But it's in that shopping center. You can find near 5 Guy's Burgers.I got a new phone that I wanted to activate with their Pre-Pay service. Due to a bug in T-Mobile's Web-site, I got stuck mid-way through the sign up process. And it wouldn't accept my sim card anymore when I tried again. I had a horrendous time dealing with T-Mobile Pre Pay Customer Service over the phone. Their call quality sucked, couldn't talk loud enough, and had a thick accent. Not only that, the rep was curt and rude to me. Basically, I had to go to the store to get my sim card fixed.Going to the store felt like a different experience. The guy who helped me was a white dude with moppy hair. I can't remember his name. Anyway, he was friendly and helpful. He did everything for me, got me a new sim card, called the right people to fix my number porting problem, and did everything to get stuff fixed. I came out of here pleased.", 4.0], ["This kid on their sales team poorly explained a promotion, or purposely lied to us for the sake of getting a commission check. Now we are stuck paying for a beats headphone he pushed us into getting because it was supposedly \"free\". Went back to speak to manager and he explained how the promotion \"actually worked\" and he couldnt do anything about it. Props to you for fooling your customers so you can get your check! Wont be returning here again.", 1.0], ["I went into this store to upgrade my phone that has been causing me nonstop issues since I got it 6 months ago. (If you're thinking of getting the galaxy s6 edge, dont. This is my second and it's awful) I didn't think it would be any issue since I was told when signing up that I would be on the jump on demand program which allows you to upgrade 3 times a year at no charge. Upon entering the extremely crowded store I was greeted by a lady, her tag said she was a manager but it seems like all of their tags say that. I explained to her that my phone has been having problems and that I would like to upgrade so she pulled up my account and informed me that whoever activated my phone simply failed to put the jump on demand feature on my account even though the rest of my family had the feature. This was clearly no fault of mine as I was told I would have this feature and a t-mobile employee didn't put it on. I explained to her that this wasn't my fault and I can't go another year and a half with this phone. She used a bunch of t-mobile terms that I don't understand (I don't work there so don't assume I know these terms, make it understandable to someone who knows nothing about tmobile) and when I asked her to explain she simply kept repeating the same thing and told me she couldn't do anything. I immediatly drove to the store on Powder Springs Rd next to the Fitness 19 and the employees were more than happy to help me and understood my situation, they explained everything and it's been many weeks but the issue has now been resolved. Don't go to this store, they won't help, go to the one on Powders Springs Rd.", 1.0], ["My Hot Spot died so I went in to check if they could tell me if it was replaceable or fixable. Unfortunately, I am a year into a two-year contract and it was out of warranty. One of the sales people looked at it and thought that the battery was defective so he suggested checking at a nearby Batteries+Plus before I replaced it. He said if they couldn't help, to check Target or Wal-Mart because it would be cheaper to purchase it there. He could have tried selling me a new Hot Spot but suggested a cheaper alternative. Thanks!!", 5.0], ["This store and the experience was worth the drive! Exodo (Exodus) was the gentleman whom assisted me. He answered all of my questions, took the time to go through my plan to make sure I was getting the best rate (plan) and was super enthusiastic to help each person that walked in the store (this was while I waiting for my contact info to be transferred in the back.) If you go, ask for him! You will wonder why there aren't more employees working at T-Mobile like Exodo!", 5.0], ["This store does a lot of lying, about the price your bill will be, and about the discounts you will receive. They will end up losing tmobile customers. They lied to me about promotions and about my total bill cost, in order to sell. Considering calling \u00a0the FCC, buyer beware.", 1.0], ["The store has incredibly long wait times. Will take you an hour or longer to see someone. Once you do see them, they are courteous and helpful.", 3.0]], "8XBfdAwp1Y_IrhFdSZaNzw": [["The customer service here overall is better than any other store over here. Especially the Verizon store which has horrible customer service. \u00a0Crystal, the manager there, is awesome. She's very good at what she does and understands true customer service. But the wait time here is very very long. Be prepared to wait at least 30-40 minutes for help!", 3.0], ["One point for swiftly getting the paperwork done.That's it.Unfortunately, I trusted Miss Lulu K. that there were no additional fees.I explicitly asked: \"Ok. I'll pay the activation fee of $43.20, but there are no other fees waiting for me?!\" - \"NO.\"OF COURSE THERE ARE!!!!!!!!I was outright LIED to.(And shame on me for being trusting and not reading the fine print.)", 1.0], ["I'm not having a problem with coverage, but with customer service. \u00a0I bought a \u00a0couple of phones from TMOBILE with Samsung promotion. I was supposed to get a rebate according to the customer service rep in the store. I tried and tried to do it online to no avail. So, today I \u00a0called. The customer service rep on the phone, Edward, told me that there was nothing that could be done. He was very rude, singing out my first name (I didn't say that he could call me Velma) and telling me over and over again that there was nothing that could be done. I would have to forget about the rebate, because the rep in the store gave me misinformation. I \u00a0became more and more angry, because he also refused to send me a supervisor. After 10 mins of this, he finally put me on hold for 10 mins. Then, the supervisor, Saul, came on,. Even as I was telling him about Edward, he kept calling Ms. Velma, rather than Ms. Robinson as I asked. He also told me that there was nothing he could do. Finally, I told him that we would cancel TMOBILE because if this is how they treat their customers that work hard for their money (I'm a soldier btw). I went through a bait and switch with Sprint, which why my family has 6 lines on TMOBILE. After this treatment, I will be shopping for another plan and complaining on all Social Media sites.", 1.0], ["Ok, maybe it was just a good day because I have known Tmobile locations to be rediculous when it comes to a wait but when I walked in there were 3 people in front of me and I was greeted and told that someone would be with me soon as well as I had to sign in. While my problem was not fixed, I felt that the associate had done all that he could do and I would have to get a new phone...... maybe they are turning over a new leaf for the new year!", 4.0], ["Worst t-mobile store ever, there is always a long wait time, the employees are just loafing around acting like they are doing something. Try to get a new phone service but I did not complete the transaction, two months later I was charged $120 phone bill, went there to sort it out, they have no clue what they are doing. Bunch of high school dropouts trying to be sales reps.", 1.0], ["...they suck big time. I came to find out about preinstalled jelly bean on samsung galaxy s3 - I was ready to buy it, but guys were not really interested in selling it! There were 4 of them. Amazingly no one else in the store. The one, who was answering my questions was really busy texting. In the end, he managed to \u00a0tell me, that they are not willing to open the box before I purchase the phone. So much for customer service! Overall experience, combined with past visits (super busy - long waiting lines - usually) is really bad! If you can, avoid this store. You'll save yourself time and nerves.", 1.0]], "jMCpYt9N6VqtjS-U2ubjZQ": [["I purchased a new phone and needed the quickest way to transfer all my info. from the old phone to the new one. \u00a0I was in the area, so I stopped by this T-Mobile store. \u00a0I noticed a T-Mobile employee taking a smoke break right by the front door. \u00a0Probably not the ideal place for that. \u00a0Anyway, I went in and he came in right after me and asked if he could help me. \u00a0I told him what I needed and he was wonderful in helping me get what I needed done. \u00a0He also offered me some great services and T-Mobile offers, as well as some helpful apps that I was interested in. \u00a0I noticed that all of the employees here were very helpful to all the customers who walked in. We were all greeted enthusiastically and helped quickly and efficiently. \u00a0Good job.", 4.0], ["Brooke was bloody awesome. \u00a0Patient, helpful, knowledgeable, and pleasant. Best experience ever with a cellular carrier.", 5.0], ["Apologize for my mistake: the following experience was at North Point Mall T-mobile store not this location.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Just went in for a quick SIM card switch from MotoX 1st to Samsung s4(since motoX 1st generation had a smaller SIM card size.) The guy who worked there first greeted me with a smile and tried to help then everything went down hell. Yes, it was my bad that I should have double check and make sure my phone was unlocked to get the process going faster. For some reason first time he failed to switch the SIM card because he was under the impression the phone was not unlocked and I should have known better. Then out of nowhere, the guy lost my old Motox SIM card slot and tried to put the blame on me(nor did him try to apologize or replace another one but said good luck finding another unlocked phone.) I walked out confused and double checked with my friend(who btw was 100% sure the phone was absolutely unlocked). Without a proper working phone and feeling frustrated, I came back to the store and told the guy the phone was unlocked for sure. He raised his voice and started questioning my credibility and said he knew better because he used to work for Verizon. To prove me wrong, he went activating another SIM card just to show me the phone was not unlocked. GUESS WHAT SURPRISINGLY IT WORKED!!!! WHAT AN ODD. He then finally \"patiently\" tried again and finally got the SIM card I paid to make it work.This bad experience did not even have to happen if he tried the second time instead of giving me attitude and questioned me if the phone was unlocked at the first place.", 1.0], ["Super friendly and patient help thanks to super cute attendant Brooke! \u00a0She did all she could to help and make me feel like an appreciated customer.", 5.0], ["I went in for a car charger ready to make a purchase. How I was greeted and spoken to was rude. \u00a0This was the reason I decided to drive down the road to purchase my charger from sprint. They took good care of me an offered me a 10% discount when I told them about my negative experience at your location. \u00a0I was educated on fast charging an ended up purchasing a more expensive charger as a result.", 1.0]], "oKrbc2dBvop1eo4dwdGk6Q": [["I had a great experience switching from AT&T to T-Mobile and buying my 1st iPhone. Trey and Shamika were helpful, as well as fun. There was a glitch and we were unable to transfer contacts as well as photos to my new phone. Granted, my old phone was a Nokia Lumia & that was a challenge.", 4.0], ["Wasted about an hour visiting this store that I won't get back. Staff seemed confused on how to address the problems I had, misleading me about certain things that I later found out on my own not to be the case after speaking with the call center. On top of that, the staff was rude as hell and it seemed like they just didn't want to be there. While at the store and speaking with a representative over the phone trying to assist the situation, I tried putting him in contact with the gentleman at the store assisting me, to which the gentleman immediately got defensive and said \"I don't need to talk to them. I can call them on my own if I wanted to speak with them,\" as if I was challenging his authority or something. Who does that?!", 1.0], ["I am so mad at them right now... They told us $40 per line but did not mention the minimum $120 if you get less than 4. What The Fools errand is wrong with (cell) phone companies?! They just keep hiding the truth and the facts. Really unhappy about them.", 1.0], ["Only been here once to get a prepaid phone. It's my First time in the US so I didn't know if my phone worked with the T-mobile network. The guys basically took a fresh new card and tested it, saying I don't have to pay if it doesn't work. That's definitely what I call going for the customer. =)", 5.0], ["The store is good. \u00a0The staff is helpful, the displays attractive, and the location very convenient for much of midtown. \u00a0In that I'd agree with the other reviews.Two problems I would add to the discussion. \u00a0One is staffing levels. \u00a0Most times I've been in, there's a fairly long wait to talk to anyone, not necessarily because it's that crowded, but just because everything takes a really long time and there are only two people working.The second relates to how little T-Mobile allows its store staff to do. \u00a0I'd asked for a new number, and the agent set it up without asking about area code preference. \u00a0When he told me he'd set it up, I asked for one of a few area codes, but the system wouldn't let him make changes without a $15 fee. \u00a0He could charge me the fee and ask me to fight T-Mobile over the phone for it later or just leave me with an area code no one's ever heard of. \u00a0Two bad options, mostly thanks to how little T-Mobile lets them do.", 3.0], ["Crazy to think that I've been a T-Mobile customer for over a decade. Since moving to Atlanta I've gone to a bunch of different T-Mobile locations -- pretty much any store that was closest to where I was at the time. After visiting the Tech Square location, I have finally found my store. The staff is always super knowledgeable, helpful and attentive. They actually listen to what you're saying and offer great insider advice on the best products and services for you. Finally found consistent and incredible customer service!Only downside...this location is quite small, but they have all the top phones. So it can get a it crowded on the weekends. (When the store is full, just wait in line and you'll get service faster than if you're browsing.) One thing I have to say is if you're there for something specific, like the hottest technology out there, you better snatch it up fast! Just visited last week to get a Samsung Galaxy S4 in the titanium color and they sold their last one a few hours earlier. It was the LAST titanium S4 in the Atlanta market!! Ended up just ordering one online though, so it worked out in the end.Overall great service and now I don't like going to any other stores!", 4.0], ["I went in the store multiple times over the course of two weeks shopping for a phone for my mom. All of the salespeople I talked to were really helpful. They seemed like really chill guys and they didn't pressure me to make a purchase. They even went in the back to pull out a phone display I had seen on a previous visit so I could take pictures of each phone/price.", 5.0], ["Have been with T-mobile almost 6 years. While Verizon and AT&T have the different variety of phones, T-mobile has a good enough selection for me, as well as excellent customer service.Went there on my lunch break to upgrade my phone and was in and out in 20 minutes.", 4.0]], "GP2c4RUrfCPivCTVZ_VueA": [["Let's start this one off with a good ole' GRRRR. \u00a0Bc I'm totally angry.This is the TMobile inside Perimeter Mall.. 2nd floor next door to Dillards.I am not 100% sure why I'm giving this place two stars instead of just one. Maybe I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and chalk up my extreme annoyance partially to the actual phone. (MyTouch 4G if it matters..) However, this review is about customer service.I stopped 3 or 4 days ago, and also today. Both times, I walked in and there were only two employees on the floor - both helping other customers already. \u00a0I don't know if it's ME or if it's cell phone stores in general or just this place specifically.. but I felt a general lack of caring customer service.The first day, I walked in and they sort of half-assed addressed me as some other customer that came in earlier whom they thought I was. I had to tell them \"no, not me\" more than once. I just waited for a few minutes for someone to be available, and the store rep closest to me addressed another guy who was walking around, and said \"We'll be right with you, sir.\" \u00a0I'm not sure if that guy came in before or after me, honestly, but regardless, they didn't tell me I was next after him or what. So, I moved to the next desk to stand \"in line\" - really, I made my own line by standing right behind the people who were being helped at the time.The same guy helped me both days.. friendly enough but BOTH times he answered personal phone calls on his cell phone with one hand, WHILE trying to fix my phone with the other hand. Is this allowed because this is a phone store? Whether it is or not: Super unprofessional. You let that sh!t go to voice mail, come on!In addition, every question I asked seemed to fail. I asked for a case, \"We don't have cases for that phone.\"I asked for screen covers, \"We don't have any that fit your phone.\" No offer for a screen cover that I could trim, either. I asked for a mini SD card, and he steered me away from purchasing theirs, because he said it was more expensive at TMobile than other places. What about the iPhone that is supposed to finally be coming out on TMobile? \u00a0Nope.. he didn't want to tell me about something he had no idea when they were going to start carrying. \u00a0Besides, he said the iPhone is not even that much greater than other phones anymore.I appreciate the honesty, but it felt a little more like he didn't want to do his job and help me find this stuff.. he just wanted me to go somewhere else for each piece.Then TODAY, besides the personal phone call reprisal, a co worker came up to him to give him money for some donation thing, and he had a friend show up who stood behind me. Both of these things must have distracted him because while he was replacing my sim card (so I could use my old phone for a day until a replacement phone came) somehow he lost the credit card sized card that the sim card comes in. So he typed some stuff into the computer and retried, and retried.. and finally said, \"Okay, I'll finish this later.\" .....Which I assumed meant I was good to go, and what he was referring to would not affect me....I confirmed with him my temporary phone was ready to go, and that I would get the replacement the next day. I said thanks and left. \u00a0Since I hadn't used the old phone since earlier in the week, the battery was dead. I got in the car and plugged it in to charge it. When it was ready, I turned it on and made a call to my Mother. Instead, I was directed to TMobile. The phone was not turned on!!! He \"finished\" with me and sent me on my way with my temporary phone not activated. \u00a0PISSED.This experience over both days is best compared to me walking up to a \"friend\" who \"knows stuff\" about phones and asking him to figure out what's wrong with it. Then the friend removes the battery, puts it back in, restarts it.. and tells me not to waste my money on anything else. Again, I don't feel like he gave a crap about my phone or me, and I will be finding a different TMobile store to help me, going forward.", 2.0], ["Went to Tmobile in \u00a0Perimeter mall, walked around for 5 minutes, no one approach me. If I was Secret shopper they would get low scores.", 1.0], ["Please save your time and don't come to this store. People here are extremely irresponsible for their works. I strongly not recommend going to this store for any reasons.I told them I need a pay as you go card. They told me there will be 26 dollars due today which includes 10 dollars prepaid fee. I said okay, then I said can I port in my number later this month. They said fine. However, when I finally port in number, the remaining balance shows zero, yes, zero. Totally waste of my money and time. Fucking liars!!!", 1.0], ["As a new T-Mobile customer (just left Verizon two days ago) I am still skeptical of the service. We needed to exchange a new iphone and was not able to return to our original store of purchase so we came to the Perimeter Store. \u00a0We were first assisted by a female associate left the store then returned and was assisted by the wonderful Greg. \u00a0He explained everything thoroughly and then informed us of T-Mobile Tuesday, \u00a0The T-Mobile app, \u00a0he helped set up our auto pay and Netflix. He was so pleasent and helpful. I know for sure if We have any further issues Greg will be our go to guy. Thank you for employing someone like Greg who clearly understands what good customer service is!", 4.0], ["Horrible service here. It's the third time I've come and all they say or do is to go to the one inside the mall or call customer service.And once I do, they tell me that they could've have done it there- like changing a phone number or SIM card. Today I walked in before they close and I could see the two young men putting their heads down and looking at us saying \"no\" while we were walking towards the store. Once we got in, we didn't even get greeted and one of them sat behind the counter... and once I asked for what I needed... guess what the reply was.. call customer service- we can't help you here.Last time they gave me the wrong information and when I brought it to their attention, all they did wasn't point fingers. Useless, unprofessional and very rude.", 1.0], ["The people working there have no clue, but they are nice and try their best. The problem with this and other T-mobile stores is the selection is piss poor. They sell Samsung phones, but no charger or cables? What is that about? More and more their stores are just outlets to sell phones only, and I can do that on Amazon, PLUS buy all the accessories. Going to a T-Mobile store is just a tremendous waste of time.I specifically asked the clerk or whatever they call themselves if they had SAMSUNG BRAND CHARGERS, and she walked me over to the pathetic display case to show me some BELKIN CHARGERS. The response is supposed to be \"No, but we have other brands...\" Not leading someone to the land of nothingness.", 1.0], ["This retail location is inside the Perimeter Mall, a couple doors down from Dillards upper level. \u00a0Went in here to get a billing issue straightened out for a friend's mom, and she was so confused about the bill/charges/etc that we needed to see someone in person. \u00a0Greeted professionally as we walked in, and didn't have to wait at all. \u00a0Renata is probably one of the best customer service reps at this location. She took the extra time to go over everything and explain the plan options and what was/was not included, and got us hooked up with the right phone and plan for what Ma needed!Definitely would recommend seeing her if you have to go in this location. \u00a0She's courteous, very knowledgeable, patient, and has a great personality overall.", 5.0], ["This location has poor customer service, and Shor staffed. The people who do work don't have experience and take forever. Would not be coming back to this location.", 1.0]], "wKKRoSg1pZQtQRYPoD7TXg": [["Was in town for work and had issues with my phone and service. This T-mobile is one of the earliest one to open; and they're right at midtown, so I went in right at 9am. The customer service reps were knowledgeable and friendly. They helped me fixed my issues and also recommended great restaurants for my meeting (off topic). Thank you!! Ps- 5Church was a great suggestion. Thanks again!", 5.0], ["I came here to do an upgrade about two months ago. There really wasn't anyone there, it was quiet, the place was well organized and the associates were very helpful through the upgrade process. Although, I had a bit of trouble trying to get my new device, #TeamMagenta was there to answer any questions that I may have had. I'll be going here from now on to do any upgrades!!!", 5.0], ["I walked in to upgrade my phone and asked how long it would take to make the transfer of my backed up data. I was told 10-15 minutes. The girl helping me was texting while helping me and didn't know what she was doing. She screwed up the transfer 4 times until I asked a manager to help. He didn't know what he was doing either and by the time we got out of the store it took 1.5 hours. Terrible service, I am extremely unsatisfied and would NOT recommend coming to this location. If you want better service hopefully there's a better T-mobile location that actually knows what they are doing.", 1.0], ["Maybe I got lucky, but my rep, a young man named 'Houston' was not only super friendly, but hooked me up in a flash. \u00a0Very friendly and accommodated my needs extremely well.", 5.0], ["I called today asking if a certain promotion still exists. The customer representative on the line said,\"No, it ended yesterday. Bye.\" Bye. Really? It would have been courteous if she asked if I had any other questions (which in fact I did). Very rude.", 1.0], ["I had two awful experiences from two different locations. The one located inside Cumberland mall, sold me things I already told I don't need and now, I have a second line that can't be removed. The second location was Tmobile at 5th street, where I thought this guy made sure to add my insurance back on. 6 months later, I found out he never did. Luckily, the phone was still under warranty. I was so close to shopping for a different carrier after being a loyal T-mobile customer for 14 yrs until I met Jamin and Whitney. Both spent almost an hour with me on 2 different issues that they had to correct because of some idiot & incompetent former employee. If I could just reach their managers and asked that they should be recognized for their 5-star stellar customer service performance...!", 5.0], ["Short version: Slow, inefficient. \u00a0Avoid unless you enjoy waiting.Long version: \u00a0I came in around 11:40 to get a sim card for a phone I had purchased elsewhere. \u00a0There wasn't a line per se...just a collection of individuals around the store - maybe 3 people ahead of me though. \u00a0Around 30 minutes later I'm 'next' in 'line.' \u00a0The clerk at this point decides to help both myself and the lady she was working with simultaneously. \u00a0I normally applaud this sort of multi-tasking...but it was done so badly and so rudely that she really should not have bothered.Another 15 minutes go by, during most of which I'm not entirely sure if my new sim card is being acquired or not.Finally I'm handed a sim card and told to try it out - I'm done.The sim card was free due to the wait I experienced - which is why this review is 2 stars instead of 1.", 2.0], ["This store needs some new management and staff. Seems like T-Mobile is hiring uneducated delinquents off the streets.. No one is knowledgeable about current products or current offers. For having a good location this place sucks and I will not be returning unless some major changes are made.", 1.0], ["Worst. T-mobile. Store. Ever. Horrible service, bad attitudes. Whether you call or go in these people just can't seem to get it right. I don't know why the guys here seem to be so bitter and angry, but I've always had bad experiences here. Each year I try to give them a second chance and each year they #FAIL. T-Mobile prides themselves in having awesome service, that's why my family has stuck with them for well over a decade. So to go into a store or call into a store and get \u00a0bad attitudes just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. AND they just never seem to have enough employees to handle the amount of customers. There will literally be one associate juggling, or not juggling, 5 people. If the person is unable to multitask you could literally be standing in queue for 35+ minutes. There is a caveat though, if one of their \"friends\" or if certain customers come in they'll drop everything in attend to them. Unless it's President Obama or First Lady Michelle, or maybe Oprah then attend to customers in the order they appear before you. \u00a0Like literally, if it's not one of those three people (Barack, Michelle, Oprah), then attend to customers in the order of arrival. Not to mention they are almost ALWAYS out of phones. They hardly have the newer phones in stock. You're in the city center, literally off Peachtree Street and yet you can't keep the main new phones in stock? That ish cray?!. lol. Oh and the cherry on top-- PARKING IS LIMITED, very LIMITED. *sigh*. Please do better. This store makes T-mobile look bad.", 1.0], ["Worst tmobile store ever. \u00a0I have been a tmobile customer for over 13 years and after going to this store was tempted to switch carriers. \u00a0I have been in this specific store 4 times and had the worst customer service I have experienced in my life. One girl was texting when I was trying to ask questions, another time they closed the store before it was scheduled to, and was ignored because this workers friend was there and they were to busy talking about their weekend to assist me.", 1.0], ["Yep, these other reviews are consistent. Poor customer service. I was visiting from out of town and needed a phone charger. I went to the store and 2 employees were \"helping\" a customer (well one guy was helping the customer and the other employee was just talking to him while he helped). I looked around the store for a couple of minutes looking for the charger I needed but couldn't find one. While me and one other customer stood in line for 5 minutes or so no one ever looked up to say \"I'll be right with you\" or \"what can I help you with?\" I eventually walked up to the employee that was just talking to the other employee and asked if they had the charger I needed. She said yes then when to the back to get it. While waiting I heard the employee next to me (still dealing with the aforementioned customer) interrupt the customer explaining her situation saying \"Wait, I don't understand what are you saying, what's the problem?\". When the employee helping me came back with the charger I got \"this one?\" and \"I wish you would have said that's what you needed\" instead of \"sorry for your wait\" and \"thank you for coming to T-Mobile\"'. It doesn't end there. I called the next day to see what time they opened and the voicemail tells you to press 5 for store details. I did and it just looks back to the same recording. I tried pressing 3 to \"connect to the store\" and it just rang....no voicemail.", 1.0], ["My phone is still under warranty and the touch screen started to separate from the keyboard. There are two remedies and both of them involve going to a T-Mobile store to confirm with an associate that the phone is defective.Option A is to do in in-store exchange. Of course, that's dependent upon them having one in stock.Option B is to have one shipped from T-Mobile and then send back the broken one.Of course, the first option is preferable, but having one shipped really isn't that big of a deal and they make it super easy.I came here to start the process and the person who helped me never even asked my name or looked up my account. He looked at my phone, told me they didn't have any in stock, then proceeded to call other stores. 5 - 10 minutes later he found one at a store nearby, although I was apprehensive about going because it wasn't an actual T-Mobile store (and most likely not authorized to do an in-store warranty exchange).By the way, he spent all this time looking for a phone without even checking my account. That would have been a great way to get my name (and to make sure that I was even within the warranty period to go through the exchange process).Ultimately I decided to go to the Buckhead store so they could help me have one shipped. Amazingly, they had one in stock and I did the exchange there. I'm not sure who he called... or if he actually called the right location. All I know is they've got a lot to work on in Midtown.#Yelp365 - 67/365", 2.0], ["After years of being a loyal T Mobile customer, and dealing with a phone with horrible reception since August, when my super awesome phone was taken in my bag as I was robbed at gunpoint. \u00a0So I was super excited when my husband visited this store and one of the guys happily told him that we were two weeks away from a free upgrade.And I went in today to take advantage of that. \u00a0Unfortunately, there were complications because I had temporarily gotten a new phone in August after the robbery and then returned it when I found our old back ups. \u00a0However, Darrell was great - he explained everything multiple times to make sure that I understood it was a function of the system, and why even if he overrode the system, I would have trouble with the mail-in refund, and I still wouldn't get the lowest price. \u00a0So he took care of upgrading the other phones on the account, then connected me to customer service and helped me straighten everything out. \u00a0AWESOME SERVICE.", 5.0], ["One star because I DID walk out with a phone. \u00a0The manager (young black girl, with hazel contact lenses, and long curly hair weave), has the worst attitude I have ever experienced. \u00a0I think she must be mad because she is using her college degree to \"control\" cell phone customers. \u00a0She actually almost finished this sentence \"You always come in here with...\". \u00a0I go there about once a year, and \"I'm always\".... \u00a0She had the nerve to tell me, after me telling her that I have stage 4, terminal breast cancer, \"Sorry to hear that\" \"goodbye\" \"have a nice day\", in the most condiscending manner. \u00a0I don't have to be happy to walk into a store for service..GTFOH! \u00a0I'm bothered because I didn't get her name before I left, the folks from Corporate wanted it when I contacted them!! Complaint filed anyway, we'll see what happens...Yes, I'm heated!!!", 1.0], ["My G1 phone got doused during the rainstorm last week -- I was, alas, unaware that they were so sensitive to water -- so I visited this T-Mobile store to buy a new handset. \u00a0The saleswoman was very friendly and knew their selection of phones well, directing me toward a Motorola Cliq as their new Android-with-a-keyboard model. \u00a0I am now home and back in business phone-wise!The reason for only three stars was that my visit wound up taking 50 minutes for what was probably only ten or fifteen minutes of productive time. Though the individual salespeople were each quite competent and friendly -- the good service, by the way, whether in person or from their telephone support, has been the reason I continue to stick with T-Mobile -- but there were not enough of them for the mid-afternoon crowd that wound up appearing. It might just have been a fluke of when I happened to walk in the door, but at least for the hour I was there the store could have used several more staffpeople. Thus my rating it \"A-OK\" with three stars rather than being tempted to go higher.", 3.0], ["Worst experience ever. I went in the store to start a new service. The employee was nasty. Not pleasant at all and didn't describe anything. She said my service would be the same as AT&T. I brought the phone home and it didn't work in my house at all! I called the store and spoke with the associate who sold me the phone. She said I could bring it back and pay the restocking fee. I didn't think that was fair as she had lied to me. She said only the manager could wave the fee and she had left for the day and would be back the next day. I visited the store the next day and the manager was not in. There wasn't even an assistant manager there! Two days in a row. I called customer service and they said that only the store could issue my refund of the restocking fee. The manager finally called me the next day and said that she was unable to issue the refund either. I went into the store the next day and explained the situation. Although there were notes in the computer all about my situation, she refused to issue the refund again. I called customer device again and they too said no one in their whole chant could help me. Literally, the worst cell phone provider ever! Stay away from t mobile!!!!!! And from the manager of this store.", 1.0], ["I went here yesterday to get a new iPhone. The lady checking me out had a very bad attitude. She was upset that I had a $20 instead of a $10! They also never explain things to you before hand and just assume that you know things. All they want to do is offer you things so you put more money in their pockets. Never going back here.", 2.0], ["I'm giving them a short and disappointed review. I've been a T Mobile customer for 2 yrs, have a Sidekick that is slowy deterorating and need to upgrade my phone. I'm not unrealistic and can't blame this location for being sold out of the phone I want, but they should have at least been helpful enough to SELL me on a phone that I would then go buy on the internet. I wanted to spend less money per month on my cell phone plan, and all I needed was for the sales rep to help me figure out what would be best. That was asking too much, apparently. I left after 15 minutes of this chick telling me that \"a lot has changed since you bought your original plan, maybe you should switch\" but then not helping me make the switch. I went home, dialed 611 on my phone and the customer service guy was much more helpful.I know T Mobile is not usually like this, so my advice is to go to a different location or call the 800 number for help.", 2.0]], "N_v0tMRmqgTnnusrcVI3dw": [["We came to this T-Mobile location about a month ago to try and get the latest iPhone. I say try because we we were unsuccessful on that day. A young woman who helped us was pretty helpful and answered a lot of our questions about the different features of some of the latest iPhones and what we would be getting for our dollar.Our main issues was that we were trying to switch a phone number from one account to another and there was a bit of a miscommunication on how we were to do the process. I had previously called T-Mobile and was told I could add a current T-Mobile customer from another account to mine with less of a hassle than if it was coming from another carrier but she failed to mention the how. When we got to this T-Mobile location it was explained to us that we would need the current account holder to give permission to transfer the phone number, so we ended up leaving the store, coming back, and trying to get the phone. However, when we got back to the store the phone we wanted to get ended up being a lot more than we initially thought, which wasn't really made clear before we left. So we ended up not getting the phone. The communication was poor but the service was good even though we ended up not purchasing anything on that day.Overall, the staff seemed to be willing to help customers with their questions and technical issues.", 3.0], ["If I can give 0 stars I would. Poor customer service. They don't even acknowledge your in there.", 1.0], ["Ordered a phone on warranty exchange 3 weeks ago now because the battery on my phone was worn. After not hearing from them, I call and the number online is not working. I get a message like somebody forgot to pay their phone bill So I call another store. They give me the same number. I call the 800 number. They give me the same number. He tries to call the store himself and just like with me, the number is disconnected and he can't get through.", 1.0], ["Damn, I hate leaving another negative comment, but it just gets worse. I dont blame some of the staff, but its always one person that mess it up for someone else. Some are willing to go above and beyond for customers, and some just think about themselves. Its a shame. Mr. Rondell was excellent. Excellent customer service, went above and beyond. But \u00a0Glenn was an individual. Complaint because I was promised he was the screen protector expert. I was told to come back this way he can put on the screen protector. He started complaining that he doesn't get paid to put a screen protector on the phone. And he's correct, \u00a0but there is such thing as excellent customer service which clearly he didn't have. \u00a0Wouldn't go to him for any service. Waited an hour for someone else to help. Horrible. Guess who went above and beyond, Mr. Rondell. Thank you Rondell five stars for you sir", 1.0], ["Walked into this store to do a simple upgrade. Not a single one of the reps there even bothered to acknowledge me walking in or asked if I needed assistance, even after several minutes of waiting in the small line that formed. Absolutely horrid customer service. I left and drove to the Hiram, GA store and received MUCH better service. This store could learn a thing or two from Hiram location.", 1.0], ["I had a wonderful experience in this store. Rondell was very helpful and tried to make sure that I received the best deals. He was also very patient with me and he is a great salesman. The other workers also appeared to be helpful as well.", 5.0], ["The help in this place doesn't have a clue what they are doing. couldn't even figure out how to bring our account up or print a receipt after I paid. They used to have a self pay machine and took it out so you have to wait in long lines to pay a bill. I am only giving them 2 stars because the store is clean.", 2.0]], "z-ldpf_9VxZjITfBb7Lnkg": [["If you haven't been to see us in over a year then come and check out our newly remodeled store and wonderful new staff.", 5.0], ["\"We can't help you because it gives us a bad review if we call and you have to call later\" Lol well they're getting a bad review regardless. Horrible service. They literally refused to help on the off chance it might hurt their rating", 1.0], ["Kiara Ashanti Dobbs is a rude,ratchett weave wearing mess.. she's in the wrong profession .she needs to be playing for the Falcons,instead.no type of customer service whatsoever.", 1.0], ["Heidi P., I'm sorry that you had such an unpleasant experience here. :(Mine was the opposite, with my first visit being the day that the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 was released last year. I came during my lunch hour, as I just could not stand to wait until the end of the day. I even ran over to Arby's and grabbed a roast beef sandwich that I shoved in my mouth as I drove down Hammond Drive to T-Mobile, to ensure that I wouldn't starve to death later in the afternoon, all for a phone.The store wasn't packed but apparently some other geniuses picked up on my cerebral signals to come during lunch, because there were three others waiting for their own shiny phablet. \"Damn them! I need to get in and out,\" I thought to myself. But I held myself together and checked my mini-mirror to see if I had bits of sandwich in between my teeth in the meantime. Then an employee finally asked if she could help and I told her what she already expected. \"I want to buy the new Samsung Note.\" \"Okay, which color? The white or black?\" \"Oh! Well, I hadn't really thought about that too carefully. But you know what? My phones have always been black or some dark color. And I have been envious of iPhone owners with their colorless phones. I, too, shall enjoy this benefit, now that it is within my reach.\" Okay... So maybe I don't really talk that robotic in real life, but the conversation did go in that same vein.She brought out my phone and pulled it out for me to see. \"Oooohhh. Aaahhhh. Okay! I will take it! Outright, with no contracts.\" No questions or correcting my term usage. The kind lady then deftly programmed a bunch of things in my phone, ensuring that my account sync with Google would guarantee a smooth transition. I saw all my calendar and contact information appear on the new phone and was pretty pumped. (I did back up text messages and photos beforehand.) She then noticed that I carried an HTC Sensation 4G in my hand and asked if I wanted to turn it in for a credit towards my phone, which was crazy expensive (but I had anticipated it and was ready with the moo-lah). I had thought about giving the phone to my smartphone-lacking little sister, but given its laggy performance and the $70 credit that I stood to gain, I handed over that bad boy with almost no hesitation. She rang me up, applied the credit, and announced the total. I confidently gave her my card to swipe and after signing, she wished me good luck with the phone and I was out of the door.It has been eight months since this whole thing took place and I still love my phone as much as I did then. I also have been a loyal customer for a decade and the service that I received here was nothing short of the attention that I typically get from this mobile carrier.", 4.0], ["Quinton was the one who serviced me he was very unhelpful and did not seem to care about me, my needs, or the service I needed. I went in to get a new phone and knew exactly what I wanted the Galaxy s7 and Quinton appeared to be aloof about helping me but ran through the steps while constantly being on his phone. I was switching from Verizon and when I mentioned my Father had TMobile and would be paying my bill he rudely stated \"must be nice\" and that was probably the most he said the whole time in the store. He never walked me though any process or stated what was going on, just told me to do this and that. \u00a0Every time I looked to him to ask a question he was absorbed into his phone and made me feel very uncomfortable. It would of been nice of him to hold a conversation or tell me about the phone. I tried to ask questions but was shot down with one word answers, what ever was going on on his phone had to of been more important then doing his job. I made it known I was not happy with the price that was offered and tried to take measures to lower it and he offered NO suggestions. He had NO PRODUCT KNOWLEDGE I asked about the waterproof function of the Galaxy and he said \"it wasn't and would not recommend putting it in water\", when Tmobile did the test with the phone to submerge it and see how deep it can go. I don't understand how a trained (and paid) employee could be so unfriendly and unhelpful, I was extremely disappointed. My boyfriend suggested getting a case and screen protector, but I said lets go somewhere else where I did not want to deal with him one moment longer.He was not paying attention to the process that was going on and took my photo ID with out returning it. (God only know what he was doing the whole time he was \"servicing\" \u00a0I realized after leaving the store and called to make sure it was still there and spoke to Quinton so he knew I was coming back. Quinton was out front chatting with another person, not an employee and as soon as I approached him he turned his back rudely. I went inside and the person who I talked with seemed to be very displeased with him, he definitely should not be working in customer service or sales this whole process was so painfully awkward. Maybe next time Ill try the location inside the mall. Tmobile reached out to me with a survey and I let them know how dissatisfied I was and requested to have the manager of the store reach out to me.", 1.0], ["Ugh. Came here because it is near home and to avoid TMobile in the mall. Good thing I went in knowing what I wanted because if they had to sell me on anything I may have abandoned ship. They maybe almost did too.I went in and asked for the Google Nexus, because I had already done some research and decided that's what I wanted. The employee said \"I think we have one left.\" He brought it out for me and I said awesome. I told him I wanted to buy the phone outright without making any change to my contract. He quickly and frigidly corrected me, saying, \"We don't have contracts. They're called plans.\" Okay, I'm sure your marketing people told you to let people know that you're not using the word \"contract\" anymore but you could have said that in like 12 different nicer ways.That was pretty much the last full sentence we shared. He then proceeded to set up my phone and pretty much never look at me or speak to me during the process. Even when he had to wait for something to load or pop up on his computer screen - nothing. If I were him I might have said, \"It'll be just a minute for this to load...\" Or \"I'm restarting it now...\" Walk me through the process or SOMETHING. This is the perfect scenario for all those stories you hear about people flipping out in cell phone stores. I asked for a screen cover.. Another $18 later he's applying it for me. If putting those things on wasn't one of the most facepalm, hair-ripping activities ever, I would have said forget I'll go to eBay. I think like $16 of it was actually labor costs built in anyway. Maybe that's worth it in a sick world.Why do TMobile employees hate everything? Is it because Catherine Zeta Jones is no longer reppin' them? That'd make me sad too actually... Or maybe your brain is just melting from all the hot pink on your walls. The communication was so nonexistent that I didn't even realize we were done when he gave me the phone. Again no, \"thanks for picking TMobile,\" nor, \"get the eff outta here.\" If I wasn't stuck in a contract OOoPS I mean PLAN for another year I WOULD get the eff out of TMob!", 2.0], ["Marquis was who helped us with our lines, and he did a really good job, I recommend this place.", 4.0], ["I had the worst experience this last week when I went there. Customer service was really bad and that big black dude was playing his games while helping me. This is extremely rude. He never asked me if I need help with anything else. He acted as if I was a burden on him.On top of it when I post them a yelp comment they just simply deleted it instead of being apologetic about it.T-Mobile should take notice of it and save their name by shutting down this pathetic store.", 1.0], ["Rude, pushy salesman from the moment we walked in. We were interested in plan options... Instead he went to the back and grabbed a device before we even made any decisions. As we left, we heard him loudly comment that he \"hated when people wasted\" his time. Funny, considering he walked up to us before we were even ready and we were in the store for less than 5 minutes. \u00a0We were given no time to browse the store.", 1.0], ["This is the location next to the mall located in the center with the Best Buy. \u00a0 I have been with TMobile for over 8 years. \u00a0This location happens to be located near my home, and it is more convenient than the mall location. \u00a0Quite often, I visit this store to either add a service, make inquiry about my android, or buy additional accessories (blue tooth, chargers, etc). \u00a0However, customer service is greatly lacking. \u00a0I have never had a pleasant experience in that particular store. Employees do not greet you, nor do they smile, and they barely make eye contact when dealing with you one on one. \u00a0Unless they are taking money, they have no desire to help or to want to help. \u00a0Each question or request appears to be a hassle unless I am shopping for a new phone. There is no sense of urgency to assist the next customer, and they certainly do not pay attention to the order in which customers enter the store. \u00a0The one time I spoke up about being skipped, the Tmobile employee rolled her eyes at me and dismissed my comment. \u00a0Store employees can be observed texting or playing on their own phone while helping customers. \u00a0Their answer for everything is to call customer service. \u00a0Most of the time the answers store employees give me in the store do not match the answers I receive after calling customer service. \u00a0For example, my boyfriend and I, both Tmobile customers, entered the store together to request the process for combining our bill. \u00a0Store employees told us that we would have to pay to break our contracts. \u00a0Not true. They also told us that was not something they could do in the store. \u00a0Again, not true. The employees at that store are unmotivated, unhelpful, not knowledgeable, unhappy, and rude. \u00a0The attitudes of employees at this store certainly do not match those of other stores. \u00a0I have had pleasant experiences in East Cobb, Buckhead, and Alpharetta.", 1.0]], "RlaaCtbydgyg8ItxIeuFRQ": [["I've been with T-Mobile for over 4 years and been to several of there stores. This one is excellently run. The reps are professional, courteous, and know what they are talking about. Usually have good music playing inside too!", 5.0], ["Will always be a 1 star location. Employees suck!! drive a little further to the new location 4 miles away. You'll be a little happier.", 1.0], ["This ghetto place won't see me anymore. I went to get a phone case and the rude dude working there decided to embarrass me in front of other customers. I told him I need a case for my Note 4, which I am perfectly happy with, and this ass jack isn't satisfied with just informing me that they don't carry cases for phones they sold to T-mobile customers, unless it's a brand new phone - he tacks on \"We is on da Note 8 now...\". As if that was supposed to shame me into buying a new thousand dollar phone. I don't buy shit to jeep up with the sheeples, I buy stuff that I need, for my purposes and my reasons. If I want to use a flip phone until 2025, that's my damn prerogative! This dimwit was speaking like I was supposed to get a new phone to impress the ladies or something, and he thought that comment was funny. I said \"It's a CASE, you guys don't sell cases? \". He responds, \"Go look on Amazon\"... as if I came there looking for shopping advice. Guess what T-Mobile, I will look to Amazon. And when it's time to buy a new phone, guess who I won't be looking to? This buy a new phone every year crap is not what I'm looking for, and if you cannot support your customers with overpriced accessories like you used to the what the hell are you worth to me as a customer?", 1.0], ["Friendly and hilarious staff. They always know what to do. Walked in and was greeted by everyone even though they were busy. Answered all my questions fixed my phone and told me about new home products.", 5.0]], "8hXzJzOb3K1eFor0oNrPWA": [["The customer service is off the charts!!! The staff went above and beyond to help!!! I had a great experience!!!", 5.0], ["Where are the workers? Why am I having to wait an hour for something that should take me 3 mins to do? This is absolutely ridiculous. Who is managing this store and why hasn't he/she been replaced? Complaint after complaint about long waiting times and one thing is clear, they don't care.", 1.0], ["I have been a T-Mobile customer for 10 years or so and I have always been impressed with their product and quality but is their face-to-face team members in their stories is what always impressed me. \u00a0This is the second time I've been to this location and I have never experienced service like this! Thomas and the store manager TJ went so far above and beyond to make my experience the best it could be. From educating me on all the devices to providing me all the current offers from Samsung and T-Mobile. TJ even went to another store to pick up a tablet that want in stock at their location. Just blown away with the customer service at this location! They run a tight ship with a very fun, light yet professional attitude and knowledge. This is the way customer interaction should be. Well done guys! \u00a0We'll done.", 5.0], ["Horrible location! I spent almost three hours in here, ended up leaving pissed and unsatisfied. The rep clearly didn't know what he was doing. I was told 4 different prices for a line. The manager was incapable of helping or rectifying the situation. They are so clueless when it comes to efficient customer service. This whole experience makes me want to cancel T-Mobile. I will never go to this location again! It so sad that they are the closest location to my home.", 1.0], ["So according to their website, there is a zero minute wait at this location. So I went in, and was asked if I needed something. Yes, I told him I was there to move over six devices from a competitor. I was told to wait...While I waited, the store had only one other customer, and five employees standing around. One was on her phone, while another was sweeping. Multiple times we tried to get someone to help us, and nothing. So yes, there is a zero minute wait to be greeted, but that's it. I honestly don't know how these people get a job. Not only are they worthless with their approach to customer service but they looked like they sleep on the streets.", 1.0], ["Run from T-Mobile. Don't even consider switching from whatever carrier you have (no matter how bad you think it is) to this nightmare. You have no idea until you experience it, and, trust me, you do not want to. The staff and managers are very nice here, especially knowledgeable employees Dexter and Ronnie, but they are working for a lame carrier. The cell phone reception was spotty at best in many locations in the Atlanta area -- \u00a0except in the T-Mobile store (yes, I got lots of bars inside this store and was able to make a call without the call dropping). I am mystified how T-Mobile stays in business.", 1.0], ["So I'm making a few updates on T-Mo again...In recent news - T-Mo now lets you go month to month, EVEN when you get a new phone (for which you can pay in full or create a per month payment plan if you prefer), and when I was surprised to discover that my last two year contract would be up today (yay!) and I figured out how make my plan more economical as well, I decided to enlist my personal IT guru, Adam R formerly of Yelp, to help me pick a new phone. He loves and knows about \"this stuff\" and I, well, don't.The guy that helped us when we went Sun so we could handle everything before my contract was up and ensure I was going mo-to-mo - I wish I remembered his name but I think it starts with a K - was awesome and super-helpful. We had an idea going in of what I wanted and that's exactly what I ended up getting - the Galaxy s4. This is my first touch screen (I know, I know) and \u00a0I am definitely not adept at using it yet, but it is really cool. I got black and a bright pink case for it (yay!) and the boys got me initially set up and now I get to play with a new toy!Retail price on the phone in full \u00a0is high so I opted to split it up. This phone is definitely bigger than my crackberry but I'm getting used to it.I need to go back and get more help on a few things but feel good about the help I will receive.", 4.0], ["Slowly, but surely, things are looking up for this location. It's still not an ideal set-up and I've experienced better service other places. Regardless, they get stuff done here.Yeah, you have to wait a little while... and you don't always get greeted... and it can be crowded... and the employees sometimes seem inattentive. After all that, it's been my experience that your issue will be resolved. Sometimes the end justifies the means. Yeah, I'd prefer to see more rainbows and unicorns. I guess that's just one of those things you have to put up with to be connected.", 4.0], ["I had been with T-Mobile for eleven years and they have provided good service. I have to periodically call them to find out if they have better pricing. In Oct '14 they said the $20/mo per phone was their best pricing. When I got things rolling to move my phone service to AT&T, THEN T-Mobile tells me about their $40/mo plan for all 4 phones. \u00a0Incidentally, if you port any of your cell phones over to another carrier, T-Mobile will charge you for the entire remaining month, so plan your move near the end of the month. (Give T-Mobile a call and they'll eMail you the numbers to \"Un-Lock\" your cell phone) AT&T offers $$ for signing on, which takes some of the bite out of the transition costs. \u00a0Be sure to check out what the other mobile carriers are offering regularly. It pays to ask your cell phone carrier for their Best Price every 3-6 months. \u00a0If you have ComCast...", 3.0], ["Inadequate customer service. \u00a0With the ease of ordering this stuff over the internet and all the stores all over the city, you'd think that they'd try a little harder to keep customers at their location.Back in August, I was robbed at gunpoint, and my phone was in my bag. \u00a0I went in to get a new phone, and was given NO sympathy - not even a \"Gee, that sucks, we'll get you all set up with a new phone\" - just a well, this is the cheapest one we have right now. \u00a0And even then, they lectured me that if I'd had the insurance, I wouldn't have had to pay. \u00a0Trying to see me on insurance for a cheap phone the day after I was robbed. \u00a0Seriously?!Today, I went in to upgrade, since the back up that I'd been using since then is no longer acceptable, and we've passed our two year upgrade mark. \u00a0No help at all. \u00a0I stood there for 20 minutes without even a \"hello, i've got another customer, but I'll be with you in a second.\" \u00a0Also, a woman was talking on her phone letting her toddler play with all the models, and he yanked too hard and activated the alarm system. \u00a0The employees didn't even bat an eyelash - they just let it keep beeping!Obviously they don't need or want my business.", 2.0], ["The customer service at this T-Mobile location is out of this world. \u00a0The store manager (Nikisha Holt) and associates at this store provide the best customer that I have EVER received from any T-Mobile location. \u00a0Store associates, Lee U. and Jamie T., \u00a0went more than far and beyond. \u00a0Lee was relentless about making sure that I received the proper good service from T-Mobile. \u00a0To be exact, Lee assisted me, without complaint or attitude, for approximately 3 hours. \u00a01.45 minutes of those three hours were spent by Lee resolving an issue for me on the phone with T-Mobile's customer service line. \u00a0I realize that at any time, Lee could have told me that I needed to come back or that he simply could not assist me at the time because this is a busy location. \u00a0However, he did not waiver in attempting to provide me with the help I needed and with top-notch customer service. \u00a0Also, Lee continued to remain very courteous and helpful to any incoming customers while he assisted me. \u00a0Lee rocks!To top it off, Jamie, who was not even my sales rep at the time, stepped in VOLUNTARILY to assist me - - he too went to battle for me with the customer service line. \u00a0He was happy and eager to assist me, and it appeared that Jamie received some type of satisfaction in helping me. \u00a0I have never EVER received this type of attention from any T-Mobile associates or store, and I have been with T-Mobile for over 10 years and have been to many locations. \u00a0The quality of service this team and store manager provided to me was outstanding.", 5.0], ["The people at this location are PUSHY with their sales. \u00a0I just came in on my lunch break to ask about this ETF buy out promotion they're doing, if I would have to pay anything after the credit check, and to see if the phone trade in amount would be worth it. \u00a0Well while the guy was checking my credit, he also signed me up for an account without my permission using a temporary phone number until he ported mine from ATT! \u00a0That's how much he was rushing me! \u00a0Do not go to this location if you want to switch over from your current carrier.", 1.0], ["*I want to point out that I don't have any insight regarding this particular store. My review is solely based on T-Mobile as a whole and is an explanation of my particular circumstance. I purchased a t-mobile phone about 1 year ago. At the time I was living in the Buckhead area of Atlanta. About a week ago, I purchased a home about 15 minutes from my previous location in the Kirkwood community of Atlanta. This area is very established and part of Atlanta at large. It is also about a mile from Decatur square. In other words, this isn't a rural area.Upon moving in, I noticed not having any signal whatsoever, with the exception of a few fleeting 2G instances. The phone had no data and no solid ability to make a call. I called T-Mobile to investigate. The first time I was told there was a \"trouble ticket\" currently being serviced in the area. They would get back to me after they heard the results of the repair. They did and asked me to go back to the house and see how much my service had improved.The service was the same.I called in again a couple of days later and was told a new service request would be initiated. I was to give them a few days and then call back on Friday. I complied and today is Friday. In the back of my mind I wondered why they wouldn't follow up with me.I spoke at length with a technician about the situation and after he reviewed his engineer \"notes\" he promptly said there is nothing that can be done. There were no planned upgrades for my area for the next 6 months at least and the engineers have confirmed my area has poor service. I was forwarded to \"terminations\". Once I reached this new department and told them my whole story again, they informed me I \"had two options\", the first being me finding someone to \"take on my contract for me\" or, if that was \"not an option\" I could pay the $200 cancellation fee for \"wanting to get out of my contract\". At no time during my experience with T-Mobile have I ever been spoken to so short and cold. I have enjoyed the service for the most part with little trouble(except being over-charged every month and having to call in to get credited). I of course take issue with the idea of paying the contract cancellation fee and was told that I could either \"write to t-mobile\" as they don't \"talk about cancellations over the phone \"anymore\" or I could just \"deal with it\" and pay the fee. In hopes for a remedy to this situation, my first step is to post here. If no remedy will be found, I will next offer my experience to shoppers entering the T-Mobile retail locations. If anything, you need to know what a company treats you like when things don't go perfectly for them...and I want you to know, this is how you'll be treated. Of course, I would be perfectly content to move on from this if they waive the bogus \"early term\" fee. It's your choice, T-Mobile, nickel and dime me for $200 or lose future customers. Let me know!", 1.0], ["Terrible customer service. \u00a0We came in for a scheduled appointment on a Saturday. \u00a0First, there were only two employees working even though there were six total counters. \u00a0In Buckhead. \u00a0On a Saturday. \u00a0We were not greeted when we entered. \u00a0When the service technician finally acknowledged our presence, she said she'd been \"stuck with customers\" and had not gotten to eat lunch; we would have to wait \"at least an hour\" for our scheduled appointment.", 1.0]], "ZgkdwRzfT2QjQbzi34t96A": [["You're like, \"Why the hell is he reviewing a T-Mobile store?\" And I'm like, \"Because Antonio Rodgers is the man when it comes to this chunky Asian brotha (me) with his phone problem.\" Last night, while watching Youtube coverage of the I-85 bridge collapse, my iPhone 6 Plus suddenly died. Methods I used to try to restore my phone include the following:- Home screen button + Power button? Nope.- Plug it in several hours? Nope.- Use a blow dryer to try out the ports just in case it got wet? Nope.So I drove to the nearest T-Mobile store the next morning, which is in a strip mall shared with a nail joint, Chinese buffet, and a UPS store, aka all the things one could ever want in life, and met Antonio. He took care of me from the jump. He recommended the most affordable and easiest plan of action, and he kept calling me Mr. Jonathan. (I might start asking people to do that now.) After thirty minutes or so, I left with an elegant matte iPhone 7 Plus, an Area 21 case, and an anti-glare screen protector--and my new phone rocks.Did I drop a lot of cash money? Yeah. But a functional and reliable smartphone is essential for my job, and I needed one ASAP. Whether you're thinking about switching to a more competitive carrier because you're sick of the other three (AT&T, Spring, or Verizon), or have T-Mobile and want a reliable rep, holla at Antonio!", 4.0], ["If you happen to be looking for or expect total indifference and attitude, look no further!", 1.0], ["The screen on my Galaxy S5 broke and I went in here to see what they could do. I was told over the phone by one rep that it was going to be almost $200 to replace because I still owed on the phone or to pay the deductible and have to wait to have them ship one. I just cannot be without my phone so I decided to go in and see what they could do. I talked to Shawn who was pretty great. Previously they had some deal that was $60 off so Shawn called to try to get that for me. The first customer care rep he talked to said no, so he callled back and after all was said and done, I didn't have to pay my deductible or the balance left on my current phone (about $150) I used JUMP to get a S6 and the only thing I had to pay to walk out with a new phone was the cost of the case. People talk a lot of smack about T-Mobile in general, but I have been with them for almost 8 years and service has always been amazing no matter what the issue was. Other carriers have always treated me like crap, but T- Mobile has always been awesome. Today was just another example of how awesome they can be.", 5.0], ["Really good, courteous and fast service.Thanks to David who was externally helpful with a great knowledge of products and went above and beyond.Oh yeah, he has a fun, twisted sense of humor.", 5.0], ["So I just got off the phone with T-mobile and the lady was super sweet and after a little talking she came on and said she had given me wrong information. \u00a0She then said because she has given me incorrect information she was crediting my account $50. \u00a0I wasn't calling as a complaint about anything, I was just inquiring about the upgrade program. \u00a0Thank you T-mobile for your excellent customer service!!!!", 5.0], ["The sales people in the store are perfectly nice and willing to help you with anything you need. However they \u00a0do not know how the promotions work which may or may not be their fault because of corporate. I was told when I signed up for T mobile service I would get a gift card for changing carriers. I specifically asked how long it would take and do I have to do anything else to get the card. I was told no. 2 phone calls, 7 weeks later, and multiple excuses I still only have this companies assurance that the gift card will arrive next week. Really regretting changing carriers.", 1.0], ["The sales rep, Raven, gave me the wrong trade in value of a 5s instead of 5 and she was looking at my phone in person at the time. I was $100 short than promise, didn't learn it until I sent the phone in and can't be returned. I was also told I was able to make international calls on wifi to residents for free which I did, at home and on private wifi connection via Comcast. I was billed for $110 and $60 for 2 calls. When I call 1800, they were only able to credit me $50 and told me it is 50-50 chance to get charge bc my wifi connection was interrupted, but how could I have known it? I have no way to prove it and they say I need to contact comcast and it's my responsibility to read the agreement carefully to know what I sign up for. I am so upset and already switched \u00a0back to AT&T. I was with t mobile for 48 days, made 3 calls and spent more than a hour of time on the phone. Very upset! Please be careful of what you sign up for bc it on you when you have to take the hit.", 1.0]], "Qh0Z1gyxugwZzAna4UsCKA": [["I called ahead of time before the 4th of July holiday weekend. I had so many questions trying to decide when/if I would switch carriers and simply get a new phone. Jasmine helped me. I was so impressed that I waited until her next work day and went into the store give her a commission. At no fault of hers, I was rushing during lunch break. Ran out of my 30 minutes. Jasmine set aside my new iPhone 6. I got great advice on service, quality and saving on my bill each month. Walked out with my original Samsung S4, traded in a flip phone and still have my cool iPhone that I can't stop playing on. Her manager was attempting to be patient before an interview, that didn't work. I could see it on her face. Jasmine was determined to get me squared away from start to finish. My sale was closed out by Kyle. He was helpful as well. Even offering to link my new phone to the Bluetooth in my car if I was parked close enough. Good job guys. Thank you.", 5.0], ["This location has fantastic customer service. The team members are always friendly & very efficient. I have been coming here for 3 years and its always a pleasure!", 5.0], ["Abel has the worst customer service skills EVER! My husband and I were pulling teeth to even get one-worded answers out of him. We will not be back to this store.", 1.0], ["This has to be my favorite T Mobile location. The customer service is beyond awesome. They have went past any barrier to make sure I am satisfied and happy with whatever I needed. Michelle, the store manager was awesome with finding a solution for me and is extremely patient. Highly recommended! Thank you very much!", 5.0], ["I love this location, all of the workers there go above and beyond to help and make sure that customers are taken care of. Even when Tmobile itself piss me off they employees make me value my service. The employees are always sociable, compassionate and understanding while providing one on one service to each customer. They have kept my business", 4.0]], "EGHoMbnG-vzwotSQz9oeqQ": [["I've been a T-Mobile customer for 12+ years and I'm mostly happy with everything. My only complaint is their lack of awesome handsets. I don't really care about not having an iPhone. I just want to be able to beat Kathleen M. every time we check-in together.Fortunately for T-Mobile, Google stepped in and made the Nexus 4. You could buy it from either company and I chose Google. It took almost 7 weeks for me to receive it and once I had it in my hand I realized my SIM card was too big. DOH!The next day I came to this location during my break at work and one of the associates installed a new SIM card, showed me a possible wireless charger, and had my account updated within minutes. I expected to pay for the SIM card (even though they're free online if you're willing to wait a week for delivery). Consider my expectations exceeded because they didn't charge me anything.", 5.0], ["I talked to Victoria Cleveland at the T-mobile store in Lenox mall. I left the store feeling worse then I came in. She helped me with NOTHING. She said \"does that make sense \" at least 30 times with a condescending tone and every time I was talking she was too busy saying \"hi\" to everyone entering and leaving the store ...it was very rude and unprofessional . I'm never going to this place again.", 1.0], ["This is the worst possible service. \u00a0I brought my phone in to the Buckhead location to have contacts transferred from one t mobile samsung to another phone. I took them 1 1/2 hours, and then T Mobile BROKE my phone and then refused to grant me a loaner phone or help me replace it.This is a corporate phone and I have reported them to my company. \u00a0I hope that I NEVER have to set foot in a T Mobile store again.Jody is the Manager and she is extremely rude and unhelpful.", 1.0], ["I have had my account with T-Mobile for over 10 years. \u00a0I have a plan $40.00 a month. Free text, internet and talk. \u00a0Last month they charged me an additional $5.00 stating I went over my limit for the internet. \u00a0Well, if it is Unlimited Talk, Text and Internet, how did I go over? Just another way of them getting more money.It's false advertising at its best!!!!", 1.0], ["Last week, I was on a quest to find the perfect cell phone. \u00a0Alas, I stopped at this T-Mobile location inside Lenox Mall.At first, I was in the market for getting an i-Phone, however, AT&T wanted me to pay a deposit that I wasn't interested in paying (too bad for Apple, I'm sure they would much prefer to sell a unit than to have the customer pay a deposit), so I walked over to the T-Mobile store to see what they had to offer. \u00a0Not only was I greeted and acknowledge by the retail representative as I entered, the rep, Dre, helped me and another customer at the same time! \u00a0I hate trying to figure out a customer service related question \u00a0as I aimlessly wait for a rep to help me out; however, this was not the case at this location. \u00a0Dre was extremely helpful and patient as I took five-10 minutes trying to figure out which product was right for me (the T-Mobile Shadow, a windows based product, and the Blackberry Pearl). \u00a0I ended up with the Pearl.He also took the time to help me set up my Pearl and show me the features, which is appreciated, because honestly who likes to read the manual?Way to go guys! \u00a0Your customer service rocks!", 4.0], ["nice fast & easy kioskand also staff", 5.0]], "sSc4MPlUOPCEXEDQw_DISg": [["I have visited 2 other T-Mobile stores. The one on South Cobb by Kroger and the one inside Town Center mall in Kennesaw. I had horrible experiences at both so I was not looking forward to visiting this location at Cumberland. I was actually surprised that I was greeted with a smile by the sales associates as soon as I walked in the door. They took their time and helped me get everything I needed. They even helped me pick out a case and a screen protector as well as put both on my phone. I noticed they greeted everyone with a smile and made sure every customer that walked in the door was well taken care of. Every single sales associate in the store had a great attitude and provided excellent customer service. I will be returning here!", 5.0], ["The t mobile at Cumberland mall is a rip off, \u00a0they told us the monthly bill would be one amount and when we got the bill it was 25.00 more. Talked tostore manager and headquarters and they said tuff were stuck with it. We can change carriers but then still have to pay for phone which does us no good. DO NOT GO TO THIS STORE need everything in black and white", 1.0], ["I love tmobile because of their customer service. I'll deal with them being a bit late to have certain phones and their subpar service (in terms of area coverage) b/c their service is just so darn magnificent. But I hate it when I go into a store to find a store going against the positive, happy, service oriented service that a company is known for. And this tmobile store is an example. Overall they're okay to good, just depending on who you get. Most of the employees are very even toned, mellow-- they're not super friendly, and they also don't have attitudes. But its this one girl in their who was just being nice to sell us a bunch of phones, but she gave us the wrong paperwork, rung up one of the same phone twice-- so we ended up with 2 serial numbers instead of 3 for the rebates. PLUS she gave us the wrong rebates.Called back to let her know and get help, and she was actually kinda mean. Im sure she's stressed from working and having her husband and kids, but geez you could be nicer and do a more a better version when someone is spending nearly $1500 on phones.... They just have to do a better job at crossing their T's and dotting their I's when selling multiple phones-- make sure I have the proper rebate and don't ring up the same phones twice .BTW, this t-mobile store is in Cumberland Mall and located right outside the Sears.", 2.0], ["I came to T-Mobile to purchase a phone. I had some simple question about the navigation systems on the phones. My question was if the navigation systems had the option to be viewed as roads or maps. The young lady that helped me was very unknowledgeable to the point and she started to snap and me for asking the question. I never got the answer and left the store.", 1.0], ["i got great customer service from \"kashara\" at the south cobb location. she is always pleasant and great to deal with. what i hate about tmobile is their telephone customer service..i've had to deal with rude employees, contradictions by different staff members, and being hung up on when the employee got frazzled or didnt know the correct answer to my question.", 4.0]]}